hi I'm David auric I founded or a
corporation about 50 years ago from zero
today we are the most respected name in
vacuum cleaner and I'm standing in New
Orleans in front of Best Western here's
another first best Western and aura
corporation and formed a partnership
we're producing a vacuum just for Best
Western let's go in the hotel and see
what we're doing quite a guest come to a
good hotel it's not for the gourmet food
or entertainment it's for a good night's
rest to get a good night's rest the
cleanliness of the room is imperative
now let's go upstairs and have a look at
one of the room Oh a Best Western or
exact we know this room is clean and for
the first time ever we engineered our
new lifetime and dura life belt this is
America's most respected back and let me
tell you why to begin with a little over
eight pounds it is so easy to use and
after all if the maids don't love it
they won't use it but look at a few
features a helping hand grip this was
designed by an orthopedic surgeon to
minimize any strain on the wrist the
switch is up here in the handle the cord
you see here
35 feet long and talk about a
maintenance free vacuum cleaner and a
fella called me the other day from
Florida he said gave me the model number
of his machine I said wait him that's
almost 40 years old once you get rid of
it he said what for works fine and folks
on top of that features like our high
speed double helix roller brush our
large capacity dust bag which lasts two
weeks cleaning 15 rooms per day and the
ability to lie flat and clean under
furniture in beds our patented micro
sweep for Pintrest ways and other hard
surfaces make it an ideal tool and you
don't have to adjust for bathrooms are
under a life belt a belt that doesn't
wear out will automatically shut off
your Best Western auric when the roller
Russian rpm slows down due to an
obstruction let me tell you how it works
the dirt is collected down here goes up
the steel handle and drops into a filter
bag that means that the dirt you pick
off the floor it doesn't go back in the
room and talk about suction over a
hundred miles an hour suction right down
here where it counts it's cleaning
brushes right here to get up in the
corners it won't spew dirt in the air
it's dependable
if lightweight you're going to love this
cleaner mark I know that the hotel looks
forward to its operating and to have a
top rating you've got have a reputation
for being clean the new top rated auric
upright is approved for Best Western
show your value guess that your property
is not just clean its aura clean after
all people come to a hotel to get a good
night's rest cleanliness is imperative
the new Best Western org is available
through Baz Western